As people arrived, we would warmly welcome them
and tell them the lay of the land. I think there
were other volunteers who were, sort of, greeters
once they were buzzed in the door. So, I think we
just sort of took the tickets, introduced them
to a host-type volunteer, and then we were also
the nerve central. If there was any issue, all
the information flowed through there. We had
walkie-talkies, I think. You know, if they needed
something in one place, they would let us know and
we’d pass on the message. So, communications,
I guess. I think I was excited and a bit
nervous about doing a good job as a volunteer, or
whatever. I know what shoes I would have worn. I
had these great, silver, platform boots. And then
probably, like, knee socks and a mini skirt. Oh,
yeah. And then I think maybe a bra and a little
sort of lacy thing. And I would have worn
lipstick, which I don’t usually. Like an orange-y
red. [laughs] Definitely just feeling sexy and
sexually, sort of, powerful. Communicating
confidence and interest in connecting,I guess.
The term sexual liberation comes to mind.
It felt very taboo to get a bunch of women in a
space to get sexy together and connect. Sort of
scary and thrilling and exciting all at the sametime.
I had, in the 90s, been involved with AIDS
Action Now, with gay friends. I was aware of men’s
bathhouses and how gay men just seemed to have sex
with each other all the time, and that we could do
that too… It actually, I feel like it opened up
new possibilities for myself and just what it
could mean to be a dyke or a queer woman. That
we could be playful and adventurous, sexually,
in sort of uncommitted or transitory ways, was…
Like, I don’t think I would have come up with it
myself if the event hadn’t been there to provoke
me to think, “Oh, I could do that.” You know?